Again, thank you very much everyone. Welcome and welcome everyone. Again, this is one of the
virtual times we all get triggered in a different situation, in different circumstances by these
technologies, we are already triggered.
And going to reflect the teaching of the great teacher, kindness teacher, complicated teacher,
Buddha Caitanya.
As told by Yadhi, the new religious. So we are going on that trophics, and that we are reflecting,
going through those trophics,
glorifying, repolishing of our practice, our meditation, our knowledge of Dharma as we received the
teaching or as we learned from many great masters and teachers.
Whatever we name, all lamas. And again, in order to do that, according to the lineage instruction,
we should be strengthening our beautiful motivation.
And what I am saying is beautiful motivation. We have so many motivations. Some are not so
beautiful. Some are okay, but this time I am talking beautiful motivation.
Motivation of the joy and appreciation. And of ourselves, and as well as situation and
circumstances, what we are surrounded with joy and appreciation.
And that is also foundation, heart of the Dharma. Joy and appreciation. When you practice Dharma,
following the path of the Buddha teaching, it's joyous, it's beautiful, it's happiness, it's
objective.
Today we are all on that path. How wonderful, how beautiful.
And at the same time, not just a kind of joy, appreciation, or kind of more kind of privately
personalized that.
We are going to open the door to all living beings. That's what always in the teaching mission,
vastness, motivation of the both each other, for all living beings.
Numbless, vastness of the beings, all living beings, vastness, motivation means the object is vast,
subject is vast, and the benefit is vast.
What that means? The object, I am talking about all the beings. There are no numbers of the beings
according to the Buddha's teaching.
The old, there are so many beings. As far as the sky goes, that far, or the space goes, that far is
sentient beings, or the beings.
As long as those sentient beings are, as much as sentient beings, that much, there is karma and
negative emotions.
And as well as the karma and the negative emotions, there is always difficult, challenging,
troubles all over.
Therefore, it's vast, object is vast. Subject is vast, because when we don't have the boundaries of
the ego cleaning, or the duality conceptions,
when widely open, our love and kindness compare your thoughts for all living beings, there is no
limitation, no boundaries of the deep, of our nature of the mind.
Is vastness, is the deepest, as sky, infinite as sky, vast as sky. That's what many times in the
teaching mission, the inner space, truly it is.
We are opening that inner space, the role of the traitors. That is what vastness. The benefit is
vast.
Power is vast, because when you open the door of that beautiful motivation to every living being,
it really touches the ripple effort with that benefit,
or that currents of the energy are vibrating according to the teaching, and in the cyber highway of
the infinite space of the inner nature, or the emptiness, it is going to everyone.
Power is benefit. Therefore, vastness, motivation of the bodhicitta is the only key to reach
enlightenment, or to benefit other beings, to benefit ourselves.
That's what is mentioned or told by all the buddhas, and all those great masters, one after another
, who reaches that realization such as enlightenment,
of what we call all great enlightenment, great masters.
Why they call great masters? They call the buddhas, it's not great, something kind of different.
Their love and kind is great, their compassion is great,
their power of effort is great, therefore it's called greatest. Their kind is great. They're so
humble and so simple.
Simple. And just don't act. Not trapped by the ego-clinging, the whole name of something kind of
fancy, the different things, but trapped on ego-clinging, or olden effort.
Therefore, they're great. For that is really, everyone say, in order to reach that realization is
what we admire, and we like to get that goal and realization.
For our beauty and the beauty of others, that's the only way to go.
And along with that, in the teachings of the new matthu, always mentioned, this activated the
divine qualities of the inner natures,
and which is known as three major states. The subject is divine, object is divine, everything is
divine, olden level.
And while I'm saying olden level, that when it is not obscured, who obscured our own duality?
Publication of the obscurations are obscured of the divine quality. What I'm using terminally as a
divine, or otherwise versatile.
The way your nature is obscured by our own mystic. But today, we are leaning and making
determination to discover our own new nature.
So therefore, let's begin to open that goal right now. Not just waiting for some time. Right now,
that is our responsibility, our identity to practice.
That's the practitioners. We practice. We practice all that, activating that qualities.
So therefore, all with those beautiful motivations, beautiful qualities, that is what beautiful
motivation is.
And we have in that beautiful motivation, our foundation is beautiful, study is beautiful, our
journey will be beautiful,
and our goal, achievement will be beautiful. That is what we need. That's what in the teaching said
.
And with that, then, now, we go to the teaching. It's something what we are going through.
We got with more motivations, and we go to the teaching.
And the teaching itself, again, we might come to go more direct to the target, what we're
discussing.
What we're discussing is then actualizing bodhicata, and within that is the sixth paramata. We are
going.
That teaching. This sixth paramata teaching is not just what we are doing, but this is encompassing
the entire practice,
the entire teaching of the Buddha Dharma. All the practices, if we like to practice, meditate,
actualize our realization,
or we like to benefit to other beings, or at least make meaningful of our dislike, that we exist in
this world.
Like to live this world to something really nicely beautiful, the sixth paramata is the answer to
practice.
That's the reading the teaching said. Sixth paramata is the answer.
That's it. So we are going through the sixth paramata, one after another, letter by letter,
slowly, reflectedly, going through all the triangles of the beauty of each college.
One after another, that's really what we made, according to my capabilities.
And I say so many times, I hope it will also, some really, contribute your understanding,
your knowledge, what you already learned, or refresh at least of those, your learnings,
your experience, and your practices, our practices, to you and to me, all of that.
And among that, we are in the fifth paramata. And again, I just want to list it.
That is just listed of those names. First, the generous paramata, second is morality paramata,
and third is passion paramata, and fourth is joyful effort to the virtues of the dharma paramata,
and then fifth is the concentration paramatas. That's what I've been translating into English.
In it to be, it is some detail, part of the symbol, all beyond paramatas.
Or it can be translated, I think, maybe, meditation paramatas.
Meditation paramata, but most of the time, I saw, people are using concentration,
so that I'm using, but you can choose.
Whatever the terminology is best, and more understanding, or sensible, touch,
so that terminology is, is generally, is whatever, whatever you use is for the meditation.
Meditation is, as I said, yesterday and other days, these are all the paramatas.
Fourth three paramatas are mainly teachings on how to be, be more beautiful,
more virtuous with our physical and worldly.
And joyful effort to the dharma paramata is support and help for all the paramatas.
So that means all the five paramatas.
And then bacon paramata is more, sorry, concentrated paramata,
or beyond paramata is more connected with the mind.
And the mind is so important. It is a ruler of everything.
Ikore Buddha teachings. They are everything. That means both samsara, nirvana, all murdered from
the mind.
When we don't control our own mind, that is the beginning in the process of developing the samsaras
.
When we control our mind on the virtues or the nidana, that is,
we are the process of developing the nirvana or, as I use the word, part to the dharma.
Part truth. Part truth. That is part truth.
Everybody is doing the virtues of the mind.
Nice. And both start from this mind, mind of emptiness.
Both start from this. So therefore, controlling mind is so important, the most important.
And what are the teachings? Even if you do the practicing or the jainting,
don't pause the years if you don't have the concentration or the meditation,
then it won't bring big benefits.
Even pause the years in the teaching set.
Even pause the years if we are doing the asatic practices and all that,
but if we don't control our mind, it won't make big differences.
Mind is the issue, the principle issue.
If we really control our mind, we are controlling everything.
Every troubles of samsara, we are controlling, not just controlling, if we continually pursue that,
we are uprooting the samsara.
Samsara of our own perception, our own conception, our own samsara.
When we are uprooting our own samsara, when we are beginning process of uprooting our own samsara,
that is the time we begin to also start benefiting for others.
Benefiting to ourselves, benefiting to others.
Then with that being, we can perform more effectively our body health activities or compassion
activities.
We can effectively perform compassion activities when we have good control of the mind.
Then, as in the teaching set, all our fulfillment or achievement of the realization is totally best
on the mind of good concentrations.
Such as visualizations, salam practices, tumu practices, as well as all those zuki meditations.
The Mohammedan meditations, all is best on the controlling or the best on the concentrations.
If we don't have any control of our own mind, even we see such as profound teachings of the zuki
teachings or Mohammedan teachings
or teachings on the great emptiness of the blissfulness, or union of the great blissfulness of the
emptiness,
or the Mademaka teachings, if we don't trap up on the good foundation of the meditation,
or if we don't have the control of our mind, it's almost like throwing those all in the sand.
Like water is thrown in the sand, it won't just evaporate.
Or even throw in the water in the sand of the desert, it just won't evaporate.
Therefore, this concentration is really so important.
Every language for any of the practice or certain practices, it is the mind.
For that reason, Ache Shanthi Deva said, no matter what, if you actually have good moralities, good
practices,
any of those generalist practices, morality practices, and patient practices,
the key issue is if we have the control of our mind, then all the purpose.
For that reason, he said, our, with folded hands, that as Shanthi Deva said,
with folded hands, I will, of course, take care of your mind.
It's so important.
And that's just roughly the meaning of the untaxed version of that.
So this is what is really the meditation is so important.
Concentration is so important.
And it's just not so important.
It's totally best, totally dependent on our achievement on this.
So for that reason, there is vast teachings, vastness teachings,
great teachings of Buddha Kshakti Mani, and as well as all the great master's teaching
on very detailed polls on these issues, on these topics, topics of the meditation and concentration
.
So that's what really we are going through.
Again, yesterday we went, and again, I will go the same way today, too.
There have been all those topics, as much as I can.
Yesterday I said, the principle cause of meditation,
or cause of the good meditation, good meditation, the great master,
the Kamala Chala, highlight of the six, those are one after another.
And he gathered all those, essence teachings of Buddhas,
Buddha teachings, both Mahayana Suttas, or Suttas, not just Mahayana,
teachings of the Buddhas, Yandere and the Suttas,
and Abhidharma and Vinaya, all the Nithiripitakas of the Buddha teaching.
And when he had a teaching, he compiled and took it.
He's one of such great scholars, meditation master's.
So he put, took it there, that to the, by his comparison,
to the sake of the whole good practice of that time,
that made at century and then, then from that own word,
as recorded by the Kain Chasondebji, great Kain Chasondebji
or Dharma Kain Chasondebji recorded.
So I listed yesterday all those, one after another.
Those are the cause, each of those, I'm sure we all heard those,
heard so many times, but how is the life of those?
Nothing like that.
That is known as contraplitence, that the mind from us.
Each has meaning, each has a flavor, each of those points.
And we really like to help to our meditation practice.
Each has beautiful flavor, beautiful meaning, beautiful effect.
They're not just, it's gossiping.
It's not gossiping, it's not just the Kain Chasondebji talking things.
Practical manual, exactly how we could develop
and how we get fulfillment of the, our goal of the Dharma, that.
So first is, again, if I say, what I said yesterday,
I'm sure many of you know already, even before that,
and many of, maybe a few of you, maybe even written that listed
and the post is terrible places.
And that is, I'm mentioning about hermitage.
Because hermitage or hermitage is excellently so important.
In the debate, it's called Vibha.
Vibha, Vibha means hermitage or excellency.
Excellency provides. In the teachings, there's many different explanations,
but we simplify two excellations.
Excellations of the busy physical verbal activities,
excellations of the mental activities of the all-commanding conceptions.
These are two important excellations,
which I also used terminology or the English language, hermitage.
Hermitage, two hermitages.
Hermitage from the physical activities,
hermitage of the mental activities, three activities.
I use that, and that is, of course, you can choose
whichever world is more meaning, lined up the meaning, world meanings.
And our first is hermitage is all the activities.
Busy activity, mundane activity, is that is,
you already that activity, that's what people go to the hermitage.
You must have read many life stories of the old,
great master of the nimma and kadim.
So many, they went to the mountains.
Not just the city in the Somway Khan, but on the mountains.
They always, they're so beautiful.
The fresh air, pretty woods, vast woods.
The birds are sinking, and the deers are roaming,
or the animals are roaming freely.
And the Lego time, there's just the environment
of the complete total freedoms.
Freedom and openness and purity and pristine views.
Really imagine the beautiful hermitage, the price to the hermitage.
All that movement is the trees, and the movement of the tree,
wind with the wind and the leaves, and all that.
It is really, they express as just beautiful.
It is in giant places.
Those are what the hermitage said.
So I said those are hermitage.
And that is, the hermitage had five qualities.
I went yesterday, all that, as a great master,
the asangal or the mettle, toad.
I went one after another. Those.
But the most important is the hermitage of the old physical activities.
And some teachings said that, some teachings said,
"F" is the favorite replaces in the perfect,
or those like this meat, what is explained yesterday
in this five qualities of the hermitage.
A meat is even a city, and you can stay in the city too.
"F" it needs to be that qualities.
But otherwise, this hermitage is so important.
And among the best hermitage is each and those great masters,
such as Guru Pya Masambha Buddha Shakti Muni.
All the great masters, such as Malarepa, Kung Chimpa,
and all those great masters made it into practice,
those hermitage are known as the sacred places, holy places.
They're blessed. They're saturated.
Those land and art and area is really with their blessings,
by their love, their kindness, their compassion,
their joy for effort, their courage, their commitment.
That blessed, that area, the land is saturated with that blessings.
And our upper day, so many great practitioners,
they're very great practitioners,
when they meditate, they practice that again,
and that becomes again in the saturated depth of areas.
So land is completely blessed.
Those blessed areas are excellent every time those blessings.
That if none of the best is, again, those all call it what I listed yesterday, fire.
So that is called favorable places.
And then I went yesterday in the Kamala Khala Sicha,
said the less desires, less desire.
I mean, we heard all that work so many times.
Buddha teaching said too, one who has less desire, more contentment,
is noble, what great teacher Buddha said.
It's noble crime, crime, C-L-A-N, is a crime of noble.
They are the payment of the nobles.
Less desire, more contentment.
That is the leader known as what the Buddha teaching said.
He said, no ba chuma, cho hi ba papa rebels,
a crime of nobles.
Less desire, more content, is a desire,
a crime of the nobles or payment of nobles.
And therefore, that is what it is.
What that will do, it will produce all our busyness activities, worries,
so much worries, and we have more desires.
It's never enough.
One is not enough, then we want more.
And more is not enough, we want excellent ones.
Excellent and we want more excellent.
And to do that, what is the teaching said?
And the troubles of the getting that,
troubles of the maintaining that,
troubles of the increasing that, or multiplying that,
then we worries, or sometimes if we don't have the able to maintain,
we worries, or in our decline, it's going to dawn.
I'm not going to lose my reputation.
I will be not on the list of the upper classes.
All those worries, one after another, comes.
Comes, so many pussy.
But what for that?
In the long run, we're thinking of that for just maybe 20 years, 30 years.
But for that we have to leave.
I'm not just threatening that, it's true.
50 years, maximum maybe 100 years, then all gone.
We leave.
But during that time, we process of that.
So many calm as we created, so many negative emotions are created.
Instead of benefiting, helping to the other pain,
maybe we're hurting more, more disturbing more.
Directly, indirectly.
And our self also created more negative emotions.
And all that, then that's called,
because of the trying to keep the greed of the ego clean,
we couldn't perform.
Perform.
And so that is known as, for that reason, less desire.
And more content, more content.
Whatever you have, happy, joy, every hit, enjoy.
Instead of trying to follow all those different things,
extremely, reach of the heart, reach of love, reach of compassion.
That is our goal.
But we're talking that.
Our goal of this practice of meditating entirely is really best of compassion.
The body is not compassion.
So cherish that.
Glorified.
Man's strong.
Man extends.
Reveal that more every care.
That is then known as the practitioners of the Bodhisattvas,
following the path of the greatest teacher,
Buddha Shatyamuni, and following the path of worship of all,
called enlightenment.
How wonderful.
How beautiful it is.
So that is it.
So about favorable places and less desire, more contentment.
And then, next one is what Kamala Shabas.
Have good moralities.
Good morality will help to get our good meditation.
Good moralities.
That means, again, what moralities?
We went morality early.
And of course, you all know that morality.
It's ethics in the simple way.
Ethics of the samsara of the worldly ethics, good ethics,
and the ethics of the one Buddha taught.
One Buddha taught in the teaching,
there are three ethics, according to the Vediyana teachings.
The Vinaya ethics, Bodhisattva ethics,
and Vediyana ethics.
All three vowels.
And Vinaya vowels, Bodhisattva vowels, and Vediyana vowels.
And that is what for Vediyana practitioners,
because Vediyana practitioners hold all those three vowels.
The vowels of the Vinaya, or the basic Buddhist foundation's vowels,
and as well as the Bodhisattva vowels, or Bodhisattva vowels,
and the Vediyana vowels.
So we hold that vowels.
And so therefore, what even vowels you have, for example,
upasana vowels, or the late practicing vowels,
and above that Bodhisattva vowels is similar to everyone.
And then Vediyana vowels are similar.
All the practitioners, whoever is involved in the teaching,
we hold that vowels.
So hold those as much as you can.
You can't really hold those.
Every somehow we've depicted those vowels, what the teaching says,
immediately or soon after.
Where do you find that?
Many times we can make the damage, wow, but purify.
And what is the best purification or the techniques?
Four vowels with very subtle practices,
and Vediyana teaching, or as when you march schools,
always in the teaching center.
Then otherwise, such as all these,
these such as 35 Buddha practices,
all the meditory activities, meditory activities,
such as the meditory activity of the six paramanas,
all the three paramanas, anything that dedicated that merit
or to purify, or to the cleansing of any of that errors,
mistakes, or that cleared our vowels, damaged our vowels.
Then that is known as remaining on the good moralities.
When you have good moralities, good morality is simply what in teaching is it,
less desire or contentment.
Contentment with mindfulness, with alertness,
with the consciousness or thought force.
As much as we can apply, then really we keep.
And that is a part of meditating to mindfulness, concentrate.
That is part of the concentrators, part of the versatile practices.
So that is the fourth one.
The fourth cause of the to have good meditation is the moralities.
That is what great master Kamala Shraddha listed.
The next one, the picked one, is less activities.
That means what? Now we are in a hermitage.
Let's say we are in a hermitage.
Or we are maybe in a city too.
But everything quite good, all explained,
means that now we are in retreat or hermitage.
But now what?
There is small activities going again, every kind of continuity.
Even if we are in a good hermitage and in a good retreat place,
maybe there is so many kind of mundane activities going.
Such as how this is gossiping by the electronic texts, gossips.
Spending time on the computers, spending time on the telephones,
and spending time on the movies.
All that chat chatting, chat chatting.
And what is happening is distracted our mind.
Even here in hermitage, even in the year retreat,
even here in every quality is a meter, all that.
Now we create another business, business.
And then in the teaching said, and also kind of meeting many Sangha members.
Ancient time many Sangha members in hermitage.
There is also Sangha friends, all meeting Sangha members,
chat chatting, talking, spending time,
and kind of discussing the welfare of the families,
this family doing that, that family doing this,
kind of bring the history of the past,
and kind of all these processes are created,
little bit kind of business activities and all that.
And then also kind of let chores of each others
have been trying to do this thing.
And then what we lost our practice meditating time.
So this is called activities.
So when you are hermitage,
whatever you meant, time periods, periods.
And that's what in the great masters,
in practice lineage created such a beautiful instruction of the hermitage.
What's called period, time, time zone, time zone.
It means period, period, period.
And that period, keep up that period.
That's that timetable to practices.
Practice time is practice time.
The community or the health and the support,
or keep up some of the chores they don't call it, that is that time.
Keep that.
That is also when you do that.
What is not going on?
Is it discipline?
Is it morality?
Is it ethics?
You're keeping up the rhythms.
Everything is rhythms.
Seasons are rhythms.
Summer has three months.
Spring has three months.
And winter has three months.
Autumn has three months.
Day and night.
Even the birds keep the seasons.
Keep the season.
Exactly time.
Stay in the rhythms.
Rhythms, and we don't stay in the rhythms.
Rhythms, mixing up everything.
Then we lost.
Lost that.
So therefore, keep the time and the practices.
Not just creating kind of overlapping things back and forth.
That.
And then we kind of lost the point.
That is what's known as less activities.
And the next one, spell the code for the meditation.
Prefer the good meditation.
Less code.
Of course less code is so important.
But that means what?
Actually, of course when you meditate,
you have the lesson have to be less code.
But it means kind of all the past memories.
Reflecting past memories, past thought, past kind of things.
All the kind of, all the pleasures of the pipes and objects,
these and that thing.
Now you're in meditation, hymnology, maybe you're sitting kind of nice.
But mind is wondering all those walls of the past, the present, and future.
All others kind of appears there and just completely busy.
You opened your, you two on all your brains.
You're really doing all that things.
Then what we did?
We lost the concentration.
How all purpose of it?
Have beautiful meditate, calm, peaceful, relax on the present state.
What else will we do?
The instruction.
The instruction is lost.
And the instruction is to build on more compassion, more love,
more kindness, more bodhicitta, more relative to that,
leading into every direction.
That's it.
And now we state we are wondering of the kind of past memories,
or the present and future plans.
All that emanation already, we are going back and forth.
It just so, it just kind of like, we start spreading out.
Ripple effort is coming.
Then lost the point.
Lost the meanings.
That is then what is.
Then we really lost the identity of the meditation.
So therefore, great Master Kamala Chala listed less thought.
Less thought.
No thought.
And when that happening,
then what we need?
Mindfulness immediately catch.
Immediately catch.
Go back to the point.
Back to what we started planning to do.
Lister your courage and commitment,
confidence in joy, appreciate, devotion, bodhicitta, those increase.
And reaffirm yourself what I am doing.
I am wasting my time.
Such precious moments.
I am going to, I have decided to do practice or meditation for two hours
or one hour.
I am going to spend that.
I am spoiling that college.
College.
What I am doing?
I am thanks. Come really, max, don't say much to yourself.
Be yourself as good teacher.
Or ourself a good teacher to our own self for that time.
Nobody is saying to you to do these and that things.
Back to yourself, ourself.
Say that I am really not doing good.
Waste my time.
I should not do.
Please, by the blessings of the Buddhas, the Bodhisattvas,
and all the great masters bless me.
Make my mind stronger.
Make my mind more courageous.
More meaningful.
That I can, well not wasting my time.
Time and I like to make meaningful performance of this period.
So those are known as then.
Then, then known as sixth cause.
Sixth great cause for the meditations.
Meditation, all the way.
Chamath meditation.
Generally, meditations, what in the teachings,
there is so many different meditations.
You can always, can summarize within these two categories.
Chamath meditation and Vipassana meditations.
We have meditations.
Chamath meditation is like foundation meditation.
It is stable like meditation.
In Chamath meditation, benefit of Chamath meditation is,
as I already said, so many kind of, as early that.
But also in the teachings, when you have the good Chamath meditation,
then realize that you come really so nice and beautiful with that.
Even in the teachings say that the omniscient cause will come.
That's what the great master, also Adi has said in his teachings,
that if you have the good Chamath meditation,
then it will rise up the omniscient knowledge.
Omniscient means you can see the others, toward and on the minds.
All hard things, not just on the mind, but other things,
far beyond than what we now know is mercy.
And when you have that, you can benefit more effectively.
But this time, when we're trying to help benefit for others,
because we cannot effectively help.
Our whole kind of helping is almost under presumptions
or when you see clearly, then you can help something,
every year at the capability.
But otherwise, it's kind of presumptions.
I think it's good for, I think it's good,
therefore I'm going to help something like that.
But otherwise, if you have clear knowledge,
understand what others think and need there,
then you can help more effectively, as the great Bodhisattva,
as Vada Shaktamani, Guru Pima Sambo.
Their benefit in helping is so effective, so direct, so targeted,
because they see what they needed, what things are good.
So therefore, samadhi is really good in the teachings.
It will also develop those knowledge, those wisdom.
And then plus all the realization, all those achievements
are coming from this samadhi meditation.
Once you have good stabilized meditation,
and then vipassana meditation, then doki meditation.
Wow, in the teachings, it's like catching fire.
This has become so powerful.
But however, in the minute, practice the lineage,
you always say, samadhi and vipassana meditation
can go side by side, not just samadhi meditation
and vipassana meditation, doki meditation,
because you can do both together,
simultaneously as same as union status,
because stabilized, when mind is stabilized, stable,
that aspect is shamata.
When you see clearly nature of the mind,
that aspect is vipassana, and that is doki meditation.
In the teachings said, those great masters of practice,
lineage is always pointed out.
And so therefore, that is sixth cause, sixth grade cause,
or support for the meditation that I listed.
Let us know by, I mean, as taught by the Kamala Killer,
and that I listed again for more time today.
And so that's my talk for today.
And thank you very much again, everyone,
for your participation, and as well as your patient,
and thank you again.
Thank you very much.
Now we begin to do a good practice.
As we said at this time, our schedule is so high,
definitely, so we won't do the meditation.
We're going straight into the meditation of vikilization,
vikilization.
So this vikilization, meditation of the practice,
such as what we do in the healing meditation,
it is also meditation.
It's not just a calling of any other teaching,
there is a true meditation.
Silence meditation, meditation, also doki meditation,
and doki meditation with the vikilizations,
all the Vedayana teachings, and that is in the health,
such as any deities, such as Vedekalayas,
all the higher givers, Gurbamasa, Tharas,
who has a Tharachatakas, whatever the vikilization,
that is, is also meditation, union with it,
meditation with it, relative truth and absolute truth.
Relative truth is already purity as divine mandalas,
all that divine mandala form, and nature is a great emptiness
of the blissfulness.
It's all great blissfulness, emptiness, realization, meditation.
So these are the Vedayana practices that were meditation.
Now we started doing this with the healing meditation,
and now we do, again, as this is the,
today we do, start with it, go with it,
or give them our practices, like that, as we did before, straight,
and then after that, we are going to do dharmapam, medit practices,
practices, and then, then dedicate the medit, that's our escape.
Okay, thank you very much, everyone.
Again, thank you, thank you, everyone.
Thank you.
(Singing in Dharam)